Make Kinesis update interval from S3 configurable (#6521)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/kinesis.rst

``kinesis.aws-region``                  AWS region to be used to read kinesis stream from
``kinesis.default-schema``              Default schema name for tables
``kinesis.table-description-location``  Directory containing table description files

> ``kinesis.table-description-refresh-interval``  Time for identifying the refresh interval for the directory containing table description files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``kinesis.table-description-refresh-interval``  How often to get the table description from S3
```

Reviewer: Please make this table `L36-52` wider. This is one of the CI failure cause. You can build docs by executing `docs/build` locally. If the diff is dirty, I would recommend separating a commit.

This property is optional; the default is ``etc/kinesis``.

``kinesis.table-description-refresh-interval``

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

References the refresh interval foor an S3 URL or a folder within Trino deployment that holds one or more JSON files ending with ``.json``, which contain table description files.
The S3 bucket and folder will be checked every 10 minutes for updates and changed files.

> This property is optional; the default is ``1 min``.

Reviewer: This sentence is mostly duplicate of `kinesis.table-description-location` and it's little wrong. How about:
```
This property controls how often the table description is refreshed from S3.

This property is optional; the default is ``1m``.
```
